README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

updated code with all main changes and readme also updated

README.md, after:

# Cloud Share
## Next.js 14: React Js, Tailwind CSS, Firebase, Clerk, Resend

A Dynamic Full Stack File Sharing App using the latest technologies: Next.js 14, React.js, Tailwind CSS, Firebase integration, Clerk Authentication and Resend API for sending emails.

**Note**: I don't have a unliminted storage in firebase so that's why the limit of per file size is 2MB. I also don't have my custom domain email id that's why you can send only you email to my account which is sort of a test account.

## Technologies Used

- Next.js 14
- Reactjs
- Tailwind CSS
- Firebase Storage
- Clerk Authentication
- Resend Email

## Installation

To run this application locally, you'll need to have Node.js and npm installed on your machine.

1. Clone this repository:
2. Navigate to the project directory: 
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`
4. Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your clerk authentication credentials and resend api key and firebase api keys:
5. Run the development server: `npm run dev`
6. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to view the application :)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any bugs or have suggestions for improvement, feel free to open an issue or create a pull request.
